that image right there is the
personification of badass and we'll talk
more about that in a few seconds but
first it's being reported the rumors are
flying on the Internet the arnold
schwarzenegger will be the villainous
human bad guy an upcoming sequel to
avatar
now if you didn't already know they're
making a sequel to avatar we'll get
ready for this they're making three more
sequels to avatar in 2016 Yoga avatar 2
in 2017 you'll get avatar 3 and in 2018
well you'll get avatar 4 now Fox the
studio behind the avatar films has
officially said that Arnold will not be
in these movies he said he's not gonna
be in the sequel there's no plans to
have him in these movies now let's just
back up for a second because movie
studios lie it's been proven time and
time again oh no that's not gonna happen
then we see the trailer and it really
does happen don't put much faith or
stock into it because I still have a
feeling James Cameron wants to work with
Arnold again every time these two guys
work together we got gold Terminator 1
Terminator t2 Judgment Day I basically
define my life after this movie and then
we got True Lies it was good but I think
we can all agree the best thing about
that movie was the scene where Jamie Lee
Curtis is doing her striptease routine
yeah that was before she started doing
all those yogurt commercials
okay let's plunge the heads of the
guilty down into the filth and pull them
back I don't know what that means anyway
seeing said the Arnold's character will
play a general in this movie a humanized
villain now let's back up for a second
that reminds me of something in the
first Avatar movie we sort of already
had that character played by Stephen
Lang now Stephen Lang in the first movie
played like a middle-aged military
badass mercenary type role within the
movie had a big robot suit a huge knife
now this kind of reminds me of what
they're saying about Arnold's new
character now just for the sake of
argument let's pretend that Arnold is
actually going to be in this movie as a
humanized villainous bad guy general
okay but here's my theory here's where I
think they're going to go with this
story now this is all speculation for my
brain but here it goes to you let's say
all those things are actually going to
happen Arnold and Steven Lang's
character might be friends or brothers
or some way closely connected and
Arnold's like you know what we're going
back to Pandora to kick those tall blue
alien asses okay so that's the direction
I'd like to see his character go which
is I think the obvious thing okay but
here's where it gets crazy here's where
I want it to go Arnold wants to fight
fire with fire
he knows that he can't go one-on-one in
his humanized body against these avatars
and we already did the robot thing in
the first movie so he can't jump in
another robot suit and fight Jake solely
because it's already been done in the
first movie I need a version of myself
in Avatar foam make me blue so that's
what they do scientists basically
develop an avatar
based around him they transfer his
consciousness now speaking of a blue
buffed out version of Arnold here's a
quick flip back for you in the early
1990s we almost got that they're
actually going to make Arnold
Schwarzenegger dr. Manhattan and the
movie Watchmen there wasn't going to
paint his buff body blue let's continue
on with my idea for Arnold's character
in Avatar 2 so you have an avatar
version of Arnold ok he steps off this
plane he's all buffed out he's got his
Gatling gun he's blue he's going into
the woods maybe there's like a team of
mercenaries with them they have to kill
all the Navi so the corporate assholes
can come in there take more unobtainium
jigsaw II would say you ain't evil
killing me dummy now I'm yeah now I
imagine that scene in the upcoming
Avatar movie okay imagine Arnold he's an
avatar form he's all buffed out in his
prime he's got like a wound right there
a little bit of blood flowing out of it
he's got a knife in one hand he's
looking like a badass maybe put a little
bandana around his head I don't know but
anyway imagine him going up against like
five Navi okay it's just him against
them and they're out in the wilderness
and they know what they're doing but he
is a warrior okay so he sets up all
these booby traps it's this man against
them now that'd be really cool like
twenty or thirty minute segments in a
movie yeah pretty much I just want to
see predators meets avatar at least at
one point in this movie just imagine how
cool and awesome that would be now I'm
sure they're gonna have some other
subplots in this movie but you know
basically I want to see mercenary badass
avatar version of Schwarzenegger going
into the Pandora to kick Jake's oles ass
okay that's what I want give me that and
that right there will sell a billion
dollars in tickets maybe two I might
give it to one for each Peck on Arnold's
chest I would love to see a villainous
Arnold once again because the last time
we got to see a bad guy version of
Arnold on screen well this is what we
got so that's my take on all this let me
know what yours is down below in the
comments and by the way if you haven't
already make sure you check out my last
video it's a movie review for the movie
insidious chapter two it gets a little
bit weird a little bit creepy we talked
about Buffalo Bill yeah anyway guys I'll
put an annotation to that after this
video thanks for watching guys and I'll
see you next time